directory lgeo
checking lgeo/__init__.py
checking lgeo/lgeo_city.py
directory lgeo/config
checking lgeo/config/__init__.py
checking lgeo/config/lgeo_cfg.py
directory lgeo/set
checking lgeo/set/__init__.py
checking lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:66:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
    Imports are always put at the top of the file, just after any module
    comments and docstrings, and before module globals and constants.

    Okay: import os
    Okay: # this is a comment\nimport os
    Okay: '''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: r'''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nelse:\n    pass\nimport y
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nfinally:\n    pass\nimport y
    E402: a=1\nimport os
    E402: 'One string'\n"Two string"\nimport os
    E402: a=1\nfrom sys import x

    Okay: if x:\n    import os
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:68:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
    Imports are always put at the top of the file, just after any module
    comments and docstrings, and before module globals and constants.

    Okay: import os
    Okay: # this is a comment\nimport os
    Okay: '''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: r'''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nelse:\n    pass\nimport y
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nfinally:\n    pass\nimport y
    E402: a=1\nimport os
    E402: 'One string'\n"Two string"\nimport os
    E402: a=1\nfrom sys import x

    Okay: if x:\n    import os
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:111:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:112:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
    Imports are always put at the top of the file, just after any module
    comments and docstrings, and before module globals and constants.

    Okay: import os
    Okay: # this is a comment\nimport os
    Okay: '''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: r'''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nelse:\n    pass\nimport y
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nfinally:\n    pass\nimport y
    E402: a=1\nimport os
    E402: 'One string'\n"Two string"\nimport os
    E402: a=1\nfrom sys import x

    Okay: if x:\n    import os
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:112:5: E271 multiple spaces after keyword
    Avoid extraneous whitespace around keywords.

    Okay: True and False
    E271: True and  False
    E272: True  and False
    E273: True and\tFalse
    E274: True\tand False
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:117:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:118:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:119:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:120:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
    Imports are always put at the top of the file, just after any module
    comments and docstrings, and before module globals and constants.

    Okay: import os
    Okay: # this is a comment\nimport os
    Okay: '''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: r'''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nelse:\n    pass\nimport y
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nfinally:\n    pass\nimport y
    E402: a=1\nimport os
    E402: 'One string'\n"Two string"\nimport os
    E402: a=1\nfrom sys import x

    Okay: if x:\n    import os
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:121:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:122:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
    Imports are always put at the top of the file, just after any module
    comments and docstrings, and before module globals and constants.

    Okay: import os
    Okay: # this is a comment\nimport os
    Okay: '''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: r'''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nelse:\n    pass\nimport y
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nfinally:\n    pass\nimport y
    E402: a=1\nimport os
    E402: 'One string'\n"Two string"\nimport os
    E402: a=1\nfrom sys import x

    Okay: if x:\n    import os
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:123:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
    Imports are always put at the top of the file, just after any module
    comments and docstrings, and before module globals and constants.

    Okay: import os
    Okay: # this is a comment\nimport os
    Okay: '''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: r'''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nelse:\n    pass\nimport y
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nfinally:\n    pass\nimport y
    E402: a=1\nimport os
    E402: 'One string'\n"Two string"\nimport os
    E402: a=1\nfrom sys import x

    Okay: if x:\n    import os
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:124:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:125:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
    Imports are always put at the top of the file, just after any module
    comments and docstrings, and before module globals and constants.

    Okay: import os
    Okay: # this is a comment\nimport os
    Okay: '''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: r'''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nelse:\n    pass\nimport y
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nfinally:\n    pass\nimport y
    E402: a=1\nimport os
    E402: 'One string'\n"Two string"\nimport os
    E402: a=1\nfrom sys import x

    Okay: if x:\n    import os
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:126:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:127:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:128:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
    Imports are always put at the top of the file, just after any module
    comments and docstrings, and before module globals and constants.

    Okay: import os
    Okay: # this is a comment\nimport os
    Okay: '''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: r'''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nelse:\n    pass\nimport y
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nfinally:\n    pass\nimport y
    E402: a=1\nimport os
    E402: 'One string'\n"Two string"\nimport os
    E402: a=1\nfrom sys import x

    Okay: if x:\n    import os
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:129:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:130:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:131:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:132:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
    Imports are always put at the top of the file, just after any module
    comments and docstrings, and before module globals and constants.

    Okay: import os
    Okay: # this is a comment\nimport os
    Okay: '''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: r'''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nelse:\n    pass\nimport y
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nfinally:\n    pass\nimport y
    E402: a=1\nimport os
    E402: 'One string'\n"Two string"\nimport os
    E402: a=1\nfrom sys import x

    Okay: if x:\n    import os
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:133:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:134:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:135:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:136:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:137:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:138:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:139:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:140:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:141:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:142:1: E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:145:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
    Imports are always put at the top of the file, just after any module
    comments and docstrings, and before module globals and constants.

    Okay: import os
    Okay: # this is a comment\nimport os
    Okay: '''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: r'''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nelse:\n    pass\nimport y
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nfinally:\n    pass\nimport y
    E402: a=1\nimport os
    E402: 'One string'\n"Two string"\nimport os
    E402: a=1\nfrom sys import x

    Okay: if x:\n    import os
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:146:1: E402 module level import not at top of file
    Imports are always put at the top of the file, just after any module
    comments and docstrings, and before module globals and constants.

    Okay: import os
    Okay: # this is a comment\nimport os
    Okay: '''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: r'''this is a module docstring'''\nimport os
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nelse:\n    pass\nimport y
    Okay: try:\n    import x\nexcept:\n    pass\nfinally:\n    pass\nimport y
    E402: a=1\nimport os
    E402: 'One string'\n"Two string"\nimport os
    E402: a=1\nfrom sys import x

    Okay: if x:\n    import os
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:149:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:279:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_car.py:281:1: E265 block comment should start with '# '
    Separate inline comments by at least two spaces.

    An inline comment is a comment on the same line as a statement.  Inline
    comments should be separated by at least two spaces from the statement.
    They should start with a # and a single space.

    Each line of a block comment starts with a # and a single space
    (unless it is indented text inside the comment).

    Okay: x = x + 1  # Increment x
    Okay: x = x + 1    # Increment x
    Okay: # Block comment
    E261: x = x + 1 # Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #Increment x
    E262: x = x + 1  #  Increment x
    E265: #Block comment
    E266: ### Block comment
checking lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_house.py
checking lgeo/set/lg_10036_1_main.py
directory lgeo/include
checking lgeo/include/__init__.py
directory lgeo/include/common
checking lgeo/include/common/__init__.py
checking lgeo/include/common/brick_subparts.py
checking lgeo/include/common/custom_macros.py
checking lgeo/include/common/lg_color.py
checking lgeo/include/common/lg_defs.py
directory lgeo/include/brick
checking lgeo/include/brick/__init__.py
checking lgeo/include/brick/lg_2412b.py
checking lgeo/include/brick/lg_2441.py
lgeo/include/brick/lg_2441.py:42:1: E303 too many blank lines (3)
    Separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines.

    Method definitions inside a class are separated by a single blank line.

    Extra blank lines may be used (sparingly) to separate groups of related
    functions.  Blank lines may be omitted between a bunch of related
    one-liners (e.g. a set of dummy implementations).

    Use blank lines in functions, sparingly, to indicate logical sections.

    Okay: def a():\n    pass\n\n\ndef b():\n    pass
    Okay: def a():\n    pass\n\n\n# Foo\n# Bar\n\ndef b():\n    pass

    E301: class Foo:\n    b = 0\n    def bar():\n        pass
    E302: def a():\n    pass\n\ndef b(n):\n    pass
    E303: def a():\n    pass\n\n\n\ndef b(n):\n    pass
    E303: def a():\n\n\n\n    pass
    E304: @decorator\n\ndef a():\n    pass
checking lgeo/include/brick/lg_3003.py
checking lgeo/include/brick/lg_3010.py
lgeo/include/brick/lg_3010.py:16:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
    Limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters.

    There are still many devices around that are limited to 80 character
    lines; plus, limiting windows to 80 characters makes it possible to have
    several windows side-by-side.  The default wrapping on such devices looks
    ugly.  Therefore, please limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters.
    For flowing long blocks of text (docstrings or comments), limiting the
    length to 72 characters is recommended.

    Reports error E501.
checking lgeo/include/brick/lg_3022.py
lgeo/include/brick/lg_3022.py:18:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
    Limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters.

    There are still many devices around that are limited to 80 character
    lines; plus, limiting windows to 80 characters makes it possible to have
    several windows side-by-side.  The default wrapping on such devices looks
    ugly.  Therefore, please limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters.
    For flowing long blocks of text (docstrings or comments), limiting the
    length to 72 characters is recommended.

    Reports error E501.
checking lgeo/include/brick/lg_3788.py
23      E265 block comment should start with '# '
1       E266 too many leading '#' for block comment
1       E271 multiple spaces after keyword
1       E303 too many blank lines (3)
11      E402 module level import not at top of file
2       E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
